# openapi.model.RequestTokenTo3PIDEmailRequest

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:openapi/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**clientSecret** | **String** | A unique string generated by the client, and used to identify the validation attempt. It must be a string consisting of the characters `[0-9a-zA-Z.=_-]`. Its length must not exceed 255 characters and it must not be empty.  | 
**email** | **String** | The email address to validate. | 
**nextLink** | **String** | Optional. When the validation is completed, the identity server will redirect the user to this URL. This option is ignored when submitting 3PID validation information through a POST request. | [optional] 
**sendAttempt** | **int** | The server will only send an email if the `send_attempt` is a number greater than the most recent one which it has seen, scoped to that `email` + `client_secret` pair. This is to avoid repeatedly sending the same email in the case of request retries between the POSTing user and the identity server. The client should increment this value if they desire a new email (e.g. a reminder) to be sent. If they do not, the server should respond with success but not resend the email. | 
**idAccessToken** | **String** | An access token previously registered with the identity server. Servers can treat this as optional to distinguish between r0.5-compatible clients and this specification version.  Required if an `id_server` is supplied. | [optional] 
**idServer** | **String** | The hostname of the identity server to communicate with. May optionally include a port. This parameter is ignored when the homeserver handles 3PID verification.  This parameter is deprecated with a plan to be removed in a future specification version for `/account/password` and `/register` requests. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


